Create ui-c8y-1020-0-22-loading-locals-for-none-default-languages-is-now-possible.md (#2185)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-22-loading-locals-for-none-default-languages-is-now-possible.md

---
date: ""

> title: loading locals for none default languages is now possible

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following title:
```suggestion
title: Loading locales for non-default languages is now possible
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-57551
version: 1020.0.22
---

> loading locals for none default languages is now possible

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
Previously, it was not possible to load locales for languages other than the default language configured in the system. This change enables the loading of locales for non-default languages. With this enhancement, users can now utilize locales for their preferred languages, even if they differ from the system's default language setting. This improves the user experience by allowing for language-specific formatting and translations across the application.
```
